This is from the document of this time s rare ticket
10 consecutive sheets
I will try to use
Hey Well another bouncing're aiming Well
It Anyway
Toriaezuma 8 I'd're not so I'm not so much
Well s I would like to try it by all means if you enjoy playing after all
I'm going to take not a door to the fan
Such as how important idiot ask if love Well I Well, now would be what if listed dare at catcher
Capital strength Well want kana
The rest is right-there is something
Well basically
Now okay from s rare reward that has come out could be the first of the strange here is hit by Well 2 stars
Oh Oh, there are 10 volumes to be found
I think Well done for the time being and about want kana of say so Toka Yamaguchi and after Suzaku
Masu Tei
Even now Kyunwa ok to be out even the March Toka blue Toka 6 degrees Toka its side in front of mountain top
is
k This 3 came Hey say from one-shot eyes
This souvenir is hit it Seriously
I see you I Hey I like this but instead Toka Iran picking done
I'm not good, but I'm sorry OK I'm ok
came out
Hijiyama Master
This guy is yodel
I love and hate is also not the West a lot of
I Nde made staff guy tag practice with all I do not enter most doing with 9
Don't get it ok
Good
Yamaguchi only four from I probably and North three I'm not looking at a bunch not Nde not had
It is good to Yamaguchi I and Buchi'
Mari rough but i not a No. 1 to say that the difference of the most Ira'
It is since at what this update I'd heard there was a upward revision of full-time
Well honest hey hey yeah subt yes yes no here
Oopsiness
I'm totally happy
Oh
Seriously
Is the voice magic?
There is such a thing
A creature is stuck in a line
It's over and I'm okay with me all day long
What ze did not rise also ne 1 level because along Nde What is quite early to level the 6-position
It's been a long time since I have no breath
There should be something like 10 mountains and anger and a little baseball sennin that contains 5
It is a hospital but
Future okay came out tentatively Well Nde
I think it is good for the time being
Pretty and worn
Mountain climbing
Coming up level
Thank you for the anger and go up to level 3 and once at level 8 Cary
The level has risen quite a bit overall , and I probably have all Nemesia
I'm by the way right now s Lear tab I like to have a mark I'm fine and I have a mark
Talked to
I think I have gathered quite
a
Well event deck too
Enhance Sekidai or timer level is more than issue also twice now of the lock at 8
Stitching and belocking 8
Harrison later only air butter allergy to needleman
The pattern is okay 8
My eight octopus in my house 3 o'clock return port
And he listens to me
It's another block Well I'm Yamaguchi
When the east Moza there has
Well I'd think that those who go with it is a low anymore Matsuriame large Salvation Nea probably vibration Hata ship
Chimeras
The depth of spring is low by 6-7 , so the newspaper is not quite a hit woman
That link is 4
Nde another heart does not enter except blue Tachikama is just out still I -5 It is a level 1
Because
Karin is convenient in
Masachan needs
It's like this now 2
Swimsuit blue Toka do not have do Day
Swimsuit blue Wow I was a little want Sutafura now
After that, I thought I wanted to
It does a such a feeling
In Nde it has been added to the previous time
Certainly since the six Hall Notosake Suzumoto appeared and Takeda have been added Ace rear This is another it all means
I want to get
I think I got platinum even if I got it
Well Well it obtained in Success
I'm going to try using a new one, so please be sure that everyone is there
Of this time
How was logger oh well or tea
ｰｰｰThank you end